# Prerequisite

To run Nestri on your own server, there are several essential preparations required before installing nestri-node. This page outlines the key requirements to get Nestri up and running smoothly.

Nestri-node supports AMD, NVIDIA, and Intel graphics cards. For optimal performance, however, we recommend using Intel or NVIDIA GPUs. Our testing has shown that these GPUs provide the best results, while AMD graphics cards may encounter limitations due to partial support for Arch Linux in AMD's AMF drivers. As a workaround, we utilize the VA-API plugin for GStreamer with AMD cards to ensure functionality.

While it might be tempting to skip this setup, we advise against it. Taking the time to prepare now will help you avoid potential issues and wasted hours later.

## Hardware Requirements

::list{type="primary"}
- **NVIDIA GPU**
- **8GB Memory**
- **Linux** (We Recommend Ubuntu Desktop 22.04)
::

## Software Requirements

::list{type="primary"}
- **Nvidia Drivers**
- **[NVIDIA Container Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/latest/install-guide.html#installing-with-apt)**
- **[Docker](https://linuxiac.com/how-to-install-docker-on-ubuntu-24-04-lts/)**

::

## Disconnect monitor
Since Nestri requires access to your GPU, then you need to unplug you screen from it.
If you want to see the Desktop and have a integrated graphicscard in your CPU, then you can connect your monitor to the motherboard.
### Change the Default Boot Target to Multi-User (Non-GUI Mode)
Ubuntu typically starts in graphical mode (using the graphical.target systemd target). You should change to the non-graphical multi-user.target, which will prevent Xorg from starting.

1. Open a terminal or access your system via SSH.
2. To check your current default target (which should be graphical.target)

```bash
systemctl get-default

```

3. Change the default target to multi-user.target (which corresponds to text mode, without Xorg):
```bash
sudo systemctl set-default multi-user.target


```

4. Reboot the system

5. Verify that Xorg is not running
```bash
nvidia-smi
```

