# Getting Started

::alert{type="danger"}
Nestri is in a **very early-beta phase**, so errors and bugs may occur.
::


## Step 1: Navigate to Your Game Directory
First, change your directory to the location of your `.exe` file. For Steam games, this typically means:
```bash
cd $HOME/.steam/steam/steamapps
ls -la .
```
### Step 2: Generate a Session ID
Create a unique session ID using the following command:
```bash
echo "$(head /dev/urandom | LC_ALL=C tr -dc 'a-zA-Z0-9' | head -c 16)"
```
This command generates a random 16-character string. Be sure to note this string carefully, as you'll need it for the next step.
### Step 3: Launch the Netris Server
With your SESSION_ID ready, insert it into the command below, replacing `<paste here>` with your actual session ID. Then, run the command to start the Nestri server:
```
docker run --gpus all --device=/dev/dri --name nestri -it --entrypoint /bin/bash -e SESSION_ID=<paste here> -v "$(pwd)":/game -p 8080:8080/udp --cap-add=SYS_NICE --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN ghcr.io/nestriness/nestri/server:nightly
```
> \[!TIP]
>
> Ensure UDP port 8080 is accessible from the internet. Use `ufw allow 8080/udp` or adjust your cloud provider's security group settings accordingly.
### Step 4: Configure the Game within the Container
After executing the previous command, you'll be in a new shell within the container (example: `nestri@3f199ee68c01:~$`). Perform the following checks:
1. Verify the game is mounted by executing `ls -la /game`. If not, exit and ensure you've correctly mounted the game directory as a volume.
2. Then, start the Netris server by running `/etc/startup.sh > /dev/null &`.
### Step 5: Running Your Game
Wait for the `.X11-unix` directory to appear in `/tmp` (check with `ls -la /tmp`). Once it appears, you're ready to launch your game.
- With Proton-GE: `netris-proton -pr <game>.exe`
- With Wine: `netris-proton -wr <game>.exe`
### Step 6: Begin Playing
Finally, construct the play URL with your session ID:
```
echo "https://nestri.io/play/$SESSION_ID"
```
Navigate to this URL in your browser, click on the page to capture your mouse pointer, and start playing!


<!--
Nestri Node is easy to install using the provided installation script. Follow the steps below to get started.

 ## Installation

1. Download the installation script using `wget`:

```bash
wget https://github.com/nestriness/nestri/nestri-node-install.sh

```

2. Make the script executable:
```bash
chmod +x nestri-node-install.sh


```
3. Run the script to start the installation process:
```bash
./nestri-node-install.sh
```
::-->


